Lamb, how dare you?
Cui Zhuangyuan is the Jingke champion of His Majesty's light touch
You make him kneel
Isn't it an insult to His Majesty?
The grass-roots dare not
It's just that this sentence is Cui Zhuangyuan
You decide word by word.
If Cui Zhuangyuan regrets
Want to cheat
The grass people can't do anything either
There is such a thing as love
Yes, this is a private matter between you and Mr. Gao
I don't interfere too much
Although Your Majesty does not interfere much
But I made the bet myself
If you regret it in public
In the future, I will establish a foothold in Yonghe, the imperial court
Damn lamb
Every floor of the wall has been smacked by you
Ah!
Cui Zhuangyuan
Didn't you just listen to what Miss Song said?
You are His Majesty's lighter spirit
Caomin is just an ordinary person
Where can I stand your worship?
Previous bet
That's it.
Just a joke
This is still my son
Advance and retreat forever
Even Cui Xinghe was caught by him
It can let people know that Cui Xing lost to him
And save His Majesty's face
Protect yourself in this life
It was a horrific robbery
Not retreat
Your Majesty
Father
The empress did not Zhang Ze
Or is this pass?
Well, your performance today is very satisfactory for the father
Father, what's wrong?
As the saying goes
Tiger brother
Father and son soldier
Being a father is also the first time being a father
There are going to be a lot of gaps.
Don't take me there by myself